He is a rapist.
Miss Zhang, is there any misunderstanding?
I saved you!
I'm useless, did I let you save me?
My boyfriend and I were eating, drinking, and fighting
What did you save me from?
Guys, last night my boyfriend and I were having dinner at the barbecue.
He came to provoke me
My boyfriend stepped forward to stop it.
Not only did he not restrain him
Instead, I beat my boyfriend
Slander him and provoke me
And took my boyfriend to the police station
And threatened me that as long as I slept with him for one night, I could go to the police station to testify for my boyfriend
It's not like that. It's not like that.
everyone
People like this
Is it worth giving him a recognition ceremony?
I-I had no idea Equation was this guy.
Luckily, I believed him just now
Yeah, this is really a sanctimonious fake boy
Just like him
Sorry to slander the number
Shameless
Sorry.
Su Hao misunderstood you just now
No wonder he couldn't wait to fire Su Hao
It turned out that he was afraid that his dirty things would be known by others
Yeah, things like this don't deserve to be in our company.
Chairperson, I suggest firing this person
They don't deserve to be with us
Can't let him stay any longer
Dare to ruin my chance to marry into a wealthy family
I will make you pay
Chairperson Chairperson
Chairperson Chairperson I
Su Hao Su Hao Kuai
He was there.
Hurry up and testify to me
Explain to me
Tell the chairperson that I didn't do it
Su Haokui
Just now you were standing on moral charges and accusing me
You scold me, you marry me now
Besides, I'm a coward
bastard
Why should I do this for you?